Key,File,Type,UsedInMainMenu,english
BuilderChallengesHeader,challenges,Challenge Group,,Outback Decay Builder
challengeGroupBuilderQuests,challenges,Challenge Group,,Builder Challenges
builder_challenge_name_group,challenges,Challenge Group,,Builder Challenges
builder_challenge_name_forge,challenges,Challenge,,Build a Forge
builder_challenge_name_workbench,challenges,Challenge,,Build a Workbench
builder_challenge_name_mixer,challenges,Challenge,,Build a Cement Mixer
builder_challenge_name_chemstation,challenges,Challenge,,Build a Chem Station
builder_challenge_name_axe,challenges,Challenge,,Make an Axe
builder_challenge_name_pickaxe,challenges,Challenge,,Make a Pickaxe
builder_challenge_name_wrench,challenges,Challenge,,Make a Wrench
builder_challenge_name_shovel,challenges,Challenge,,Make a Shovel
builder_challenge_name_hammer,challenges,Challenge,,Make a Hammer
builder_challenge_name_crucible,challenges,Challenge,,Make a Crucible
builder_challenge_subtitle_group,challenges,Challenge Group,,Outback Decay Builder
builder_challenge_subtitle_forge,challenges,Challenge,,"You'll need a forge to make iron and steel."
builder_challenge_subtitle_workbench,challenges,Challenge,,"You'll need a workbench to make tools."
builder_challenge_subtitle_mixer,challenges,Challenge,,"You'll need a cement mixer to make concrete."
builder_challenge_subtitle_chemstation,challenges,Challenge,,"You'll need a chem station to make gas and paint."
builder_challenge_subtitle_axe,challenges,Challenge,,"Chop down trees!"
builder_challenge_subtitle_pickaxe,challenges,Challenge,,"Mine some rocks!"
builder_challenge_subtitle_wrench,challenges,Challenge,,"Take some stuff apart!"
builder_challenge_subtitle_shovel,challenges,Challenge,,"Diggy diggy hole!"
builder_challenge_subtitle_hammer,challenges,Challenge,,"If I had a hammer.."
builder_challenge_subtitle_crucible,challenges,Challenge,,"You need steel."
builder_challenge_desc,challenges,Challenge Group,,Outback Decay Builder Challenges
builder_challenge_completion,challenges,Challenge Group,,"You're ready to build!"